Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan--

Don't underestimate the Force. Dantooine. They're on Dantooine. The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers. Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.

Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid. I find your lack of faith disturbing. She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time!

I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force.

I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone. I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? He is here. Partially, but it also obeys your commands.

Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master. Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money.

You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him.

In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan--

Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. You don't believe in the Force, do you? What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like…suicide.

I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing. You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home! I can't get involved! I've got work to do! It's not that I like the Empire, I hate it, but there's nothing I can do about it right now. It's such a long way from here.

As you wish. What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like…suicide. As you wish. What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like…suicide.

I want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and be a Jedi, like my father before me. All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it?

Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this? Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money.

The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. I've got to go home. It's late, I'm in for it as it is.

In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this? The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away!

I find your lack of faith disturbing. Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.

I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? He is here. I call it luck. Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. I've got to go home. It's late, I'm in for it as it is.

Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force. I have traced the Rebel spies to her. Now she is my only link to finding their secret base.

Ye-ha! I call it luck. What!? Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.

Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid. All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it? All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it?